# Collection of Manuel's packages.

This repo includes packages created by Manuel (repository [m-m]).
<br><br>

How to use this repo? Check these [instructions](../../../m-repo-info/blob/master/README.md).<br>
[List of packages](../../../m-m/releases) (same as the <b>Releases</b> button above).

## NEWS
- 2019-11-17: reorganized packages again
- 2019-10-21: added pahis, paccache-service-manager, <strike>reboot-required</strike> and suc.
- 2019-08-26: added 'arch-news-for-you' and 'remirror-arch'.
- 2019-08-04: the old server address works no more. It has been replaced with another, see [instructions](../../../m-repo-info/blob/master/README.md).
- 2019-07-30: now you can use also
<pre>
<strike>Server = https://github.com/manuel-192/antergos-m/releases/download/assets</strike>
</pre>
The old server address has been removed.

## Packages

Name | Description | UI
---- | ---- | ----
akm | Simple kernel manager for EndeavourOS and Arch based systems. | GUI
arch-cl | Shows the changelog of an Arch package.
cp-completion | Replacement for the official bash completion for the 'cp' command.<br> Supports many more options of the 'cp' command than the official version.<br>Note: this package also installs a program <b>remove_cp_command_from_common_completions</b> that can be used for removing the 'cp' command from the official bash completion.<br>It needs to be run only once, and after every upgrade of package <b>bash-completion</b>.
customcfg | Creates a new file /boot/grub/custom.cfg containing boot menu entries. Meant to supplement /boot/grub/grub.cfg that is generated by grub.<br>See [changelog](PKGBUILDs/customcfg)
eat | An easy to use pastebin helper.<br>"Eat" file contents or command outputs and send them to pastebin.
pac | Pacman wrapper. Knows when sudo is needed, and supports bash command completion.
paccache-service-manager | Manages the systemd service that limits the number of packages in the package cache. | GUI
pkexec2 | Wrapper for pkexec, retaining the current working directory instead of changing it to /root.
remirror | Rank mirrors on Arch (used to do so also on Antergos).<br>See [changelog](PKGBUILDs/remirror)<br>
suc | A simple wrapper for command 'su -c'.<br>Useful especially in bash scripts because it supports spaces in the command parameters.
syu | A very simple pacman wrapper.
UserManager | Simple graphical user manager.<br>Mainly for Xfce users in systems where there is no graphical user manager. | GUI
yaygg | A simple GUI based launcher generator, based on the yad framework.<br>See [changelog](PKGBUILDs/yaygg)
